Let's move on to our three remaining tests here.
The next one, we're going to try to create a ticket and then update it with a different user that should
return a status code of 401.
Now, this is going to be just a little bit more tricky than it might appear at first glance.
Remember how I had said that?
It's kind of nice to create a ticket by making an actual request to our ticket creation endpoint.
So in other words, we're going to want to write in some initial logic inside of here to create a ticket
like this.
We're going to want to do something that says Request to app.
Make a post to API tickets.
Set the cookie.
With Global sign in.
Then we'll send along.
Some title of whatever and price of about 20.
That will create some initial ticket that we can then try to edit.
Now, here's the key thing.
When we actually create this ticket, the ticket is going to have a user ID equal to whatever user ID
is extracted from the cookie that we include.
We're then ideally going to want to make some kind of follow up request right here that's going to attempt
to edit this ticket that's been created.
And when we make this follow up request, we're going to try to use the same exact cookie.
It's going to have the same user ID inside there.
And so right now we only have essentially exactly one user ID floating around the entire application.
So we can't really fake being a different user who does not own the ticket.
To solve this.
Let's go back over to our set up test file.
Inside of my test directory, I'll find setup tests.
So here's the sign in function.
And right here is where we set the ID.
So again, that ID is hardcoded for every single user that we tried to authenticate as inside of our
test environment.
So to fix this problem up, I think we should just very simply randomly generate an ID whenever we call
sign in.
So every single time we call sign in, we're going to pretend we are just an entirely different user.
Now what if we need to make the same request or make two different requests as the same user in a row?
No problem.
We can just call, sign in once, save a reference to the cookie that gets returned, and then make
as many requests as that user as we wish.
So not the worst thing in the world to randomly generate this ID.
Let's use that same kind of object ID thing that we saw from Mongoose that we've now used once or twice
before.
We've already imported Mongoose into this file right there.
So we should be able to very easily replace that hardcoded ID with new mongoose types.
Object id two x string.
Like so.
All right.
So that should definitely work.
It's now back inside of my update test file.
I've got one request right here that is going to attempt to rate the ticket.
When we make this request, that ticket is going to be assigned some ID.
We need to capture that ID so that we can somehow make a follow up request specifying the same ID.
So in short, I'm going to make sure that I capture the response that comes back.
Then after that, I will attempt to create another request right here.
So another await request to EP.
This one is going to be our actual edit request.
So I need to make sure that when I do this put.
I specify using a template string.
So back to right there, API tickets.
And then the ID of the ticket.
We had just created the response.
Body.
ID.
We're not going to pretend that we're a totally different user.
So we'll set our cookie and call global sign in a second time.
When we call it a second time, we'll now have a new randomly generated ID.
So as far as our app is concerned, we are trying to access this thing as a different user.
Well, then go ahead and send the update that I want to make.
Now, how we update this thing not super relevant.
All we need to do here is make sure we provide some valid title and price.
So I'll put in a title of some new random string and some new price.
The only thing we really care about here is that we get back a 401.
That the update gets rejected.
So I will expect a41.
Now, one thing we could optionally do here, after making this request, we are only checking to see
that we get a 401.
If we had some pretty broken code, we might mistakenly send back A for one and still process the update
anyways.
So optionally, you could do a follow up request to retrieve details about this ticket and verify that
it has the same title and the same price just to make sure that the update was truly not processed.
If you want to do that, feel free to do so.
Otherwise, this is pretty much good for me.
So I'm going to save this.
Let's go back over to update and we'll put together our implementation.
So back over here.
We're going to assume that if we are trying to update the ticket, we hopefully have found one successfully.
So we'll get past that if statement.
So after that, we're going to check and make sure that whoever's making this request, it has the same
ID as the user ID saved on the ticket.
We'll say if.
Ticket user ID is not equal to rec dot.
Current user ID.
Then let's throw a new, not authorized air.
Once again, we're running into that same issue we've seen several times before where we definitely
are setting the current user property because we've gotten past that require check what TypeScript doesn't
really believe it, so we'll tell TypeScript.
Don't sweat it.
We already made sure current user was defined inside that middleware.
We're going to do that by putting on that exclamation.
Okay.
So this looks good.
Let's save this and see how our tests are doing.
So back over here.
Everything's passing.
Now, at this point, we kind of never really saw that test fail.
So for all we know, writing in this implementation might not have actually made the test pass.
Our test might be in itself faulty.
So one thing I kind of like to do that we've really been neglecting in all the tests we've written out
so far is comment this thing out and make sure that our test actually does fail at least one time.
So I'm going to comment that out.
I'm going to save this.
I'm going to make sure that test fails.
Yup.
Definitely does.
So we got a 200 instead of the expected 4001 unauthorized.
That means that the test is working as expected.
I'm going to uncomment that again.
And there we go.
Okay.
So just a little bit more, we're going to handle the case in which we have an invalid title or price
and the actual success path as well.
We're going to take care of those of both those in the next video.